# [BrainF Interpreter](https://sooraj-gupta.github.io/brainfvisualizer) with Vue.js

This project is a BrainF interpreter that utilizes Vue.js to provide a visual simulation of BrainF program execution. The interface dynamically adjusts to the browser's size and offers an interactive environment for users to execute and visualize BrainF commands.

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Adapts the visual array size to fit the browser window, ensuring clarity and usability on any device.
- **Interactive Execution**: Users can input BrainF code, execute it, and see immediate visual feedback on the array operations.
- **Step-by-Step Debugging**: Each operation in the BrainF code is highlighted as it is executed, allowing users to follow the logic and identify issues in real-time.
- **Execution Control**: Start, stop, and step through BrainF code with easy-to-use controls. Adjust execution speed to suit different needs, from learning to debugging.

## User Interaction

- **Code Input**: Enter BrainF code into the integrated code editor. The editor supports basic BrainF commands such as `+`, `-`, `<`, `>`, `[`, `]`, and `.`.
- **Run and Debug**: Execute the code with the "Run" button. If the code encounters issues like memory overflow or invalid operations, error messages will be displayed promptly.
- **Visualization**: Watch as the BrainF memory array updates in real-time with each command executed. The active cell is highlighted, making it easy to track changes.
- **Output Viewing**: Any output generated by the BrainF code, such as ASCII characters printed by the `.` command, is displayed in the output area.
- **Speed Adjustment**: Control the pace of execution with a slider, making it easier to observe how each command manipulates the memory array.

## Example Program - Print "Hello World"
  >+++++++++[<++++++++>-]<.>+++++++[<++++>-]<+.+++++++..+++.[-]
>++++++++[<++++>-] <.>+++++++++++[<++++++++>-]<-.--------.+++
.------.--------.[-]>++++++++[<++++>- ]<+.[-]++++++++++.

This interpreter is designed for both newcomers to BrainF looking to understand how it works and advanced users needing a tool for debugging and optimizing their BrainF code.
